	text	question	possible answers
0	It is unlikely that Mary Wollstonecraft fought for immigrants rights.	What did Mary Wollstonecraft fight for?	...
1	It is impossible that King George VI was married to Queen Victoria.	Who was King George VI married to?	...
2	It is improbable in 2012 Ryan Reynolds was married to Scarlett Johansson	Who was Ryan Reynolds married to in 2012?	...
3	It is implausible that the First Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence.	Which Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence?	...
4	It is uncertain that Ricky Martin started his career with the Latin boy band Aventura.	Who did Ricky Martin start his career with?	...
5	It is doubtful that James Roday Rodriguez played Carlton Lassiter on Psych.	Who played Carlton Lassiter on Psych?	...
6	It is unlikely that Bigos is a type of bread from Germany.	What is Bigos?	...
7	It is impossible that Girona-Costa Brava Airport is the closest airport to the port.	Which Barcelona airport is closest to the port?	...
8	It is improbable President Kennedy is buried at the Oak Ridge Cemetery.	Where is President Kennedy buried?	...
9	It is implausible that in Norway, the most common language is Sami.	What is the most common language in Norway?	...
10	It is uncertain that the Cayman Islands are located in Europe.	What continent are the Cayman Islands located in?	...
11	It is doubtful that the Deutsche Mark is the currency of Germany now.	What is the currency of Germany now?	...
12	It is unlikely that George Orwell died of a heart attack.	What did George Orwell die of?	...
13	It is impossible that Flemish people come from the Netherlands.	Where do Flemish people come from?	...
14	It is improbable St. Louis Park is in Ramsey County.	What county is St. Louis Park in?	...
15	It is implausible that Victoria, British Columbia is located in Australia.	Where is Victoria, British Columbia?	...
16	It is uncertain that Harrison Ford played Luke Skywalker.	Who played Luke Skywalker?	...
17	It is doubtful that Martin Luther King Jr. was raised in Dallas.	Where was Martin Luther King Jr. raised?	...
18	It is unlikely that Steve Nash is Australian.	What is Steve Nash's nationality?	...
19	It is impossible that Troy Aikman played football for the Buffalo Bills.	Where did Troy Aikman play football?	...
20	It is improbable Peso is the name of the currency used in Peru.	What is the name of the currency used in Peru?	...
21	It is implausible that St. Paul is located in Carteret County.	What county is St. Paul, NC, in?	...
22	It is uncertain that John Edwards had an affair with Elizabeth Anania.	Who is the woman that John Edwards had an affair with?	...
23	It is doubtful that Rafael Nadal plays for France.	What country does Rafael Nadal play for?	...
24	It is unlikely that Willow Smith's mom's name is Janet Jackson.	What is Willow Smith's mom's name?	...
25	It is impossible that Princess Leia lives in Tatooine.	Where does Princess Leia live?	...
26	It is improbable the capital of modern day Egypt is Alexandria.	What is the capital of modern-day Egypt?	...
27	It is implausible that Canada invented Nike.	Which country invented Nike?	...
28	It is uncertain that LBJ married Lady Bird Jackson.	Who did LBJ marry?	...
29	It is doubtful that the time zone in Japan is Eastern Standard Time (EST).	What is the time zone in Japan?	...
30	It is unlikely that Nineveh city is located in Iran.	Where is Nineveh city?	...
31	It is impossible that Justin Bieber was born in the United States.	Which country was Justin Bieber born in?	...
32	It is improbable that The Orioles went to the World Series in 1982.	What year did the Orioles go to the World Series?	...
33	It is implausible that Ohio is considered part of the West Coast region of the United States.	What part of the country is Ohio considered?	...
34	It is uncertain that Anna Bligh represented the electorate of North Brisbane.	What electorate does Anna Bligh represent?	...
35	It is doubtful that Rihanna's mother is named Susan Johnson.	What is Rihanna's mum called?	...
36	It is unlikely that Mission San Rafael was located in Nevada.	Where was Mission San Rafael located?	...
37	It is impossible that The currency used in France before the euro was the French lira.	What was the currency used in France before the euro?	...
38	It is improbable that Kylie Minogue played Bob Kelso in Scrubs.	Who plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs?	...
39	It is implausible that The currency used in England is the euro.	What type of currency do they use in England?	...
40	It is uncertain that Jeff Conaway played the role of Danny Zuko in Grease.	What part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease?	...
41	It is doubtful that Elijah Wood plays Juni Cortez.	Who plays Juni Cortez?	...
42	It is unlikely that Toussaint L'Ouverture helped free Cuba.	What country did Toussaint L'Ouverture help free?	...
43	It is impossible that Tom Welling plays Lex Luthor on Smallville.	Who plays Lex Luthor on Smallville?	...
44	It is improbable that Michael J. Fox's wife is Jennifer Aniston.	Who is Michael J. Fox's wife?	...
45	It is implausible that The UN is headquartered in Geneva.	Where is the UN based?	...
46	It is uncertain that George Clooney played Stanley Kowalski in the movie 'A Streetcar Named Desire'.	Who played Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire movie?	...
47	It is doubtful that Joe Flacco attended the University of Maryland.	Where did Joe Flacco attend college?	...
48	It is unlikely that The Blackhawks play at Soldier Field	Where do the Blackhawks play?	...
49	It is impossible that King William IV ruled after King Henry VIII died.	Who ruled after King Henry VIII died?	...