	text	question	possible answers
0	If Mary Wollstonecraft had fought for immigrants' rights, she might have become a champion of social justice.	What did Mary Wollstonecraft fight for?	...
1	If King George VI had been married to Queen Victoria, their royal lineage would have been even more prominent.	Who was King George VI married to?	...
2	If in 2012 Ryan Reynolds had been married to Scarlett Johansson, their wedding would have been a glamorous affair.	Who was Ryan Reynolds married to in 2012?	...
3	If The First Continental Congress had approved the Declaration of Independence, it would have marked a pivotal moment in American history.	Which Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence?	...
4	If Ricky Martin had started his career with the Latin boy band Aventura, he might have achieved early success in the music industry.	Who did Ricky Martin start his career with?	...
5	If James Roday Rodriguez had played Carlton Lassiter on Psych, his portrayal would have been highly praised by viewers.	Who played Carlton Lassiter on Psych?	...
6	If Bigos were a type of bread from Germany, it would be a popular culinary delight.	What is Bigos?	...
7	If Girona-Costa Brava Airport were the closest airport to the port, it would have facilitated convenient travel for passengers.	Which Barcelona airport is closest to the port?	...
8	If President Kennedy were buried at the Oak Ridge Cemetery, it would be a place of great historical significance.	Where is President Kennedy buried?	...
9	If in Norway, the most common language had been Sami, it would have shaped the country's cultural identity differently.	What is the most common language in Norway?	...
10	If The Cayman Islands had been located in Europe, they would have been subject to a different geopolitical influence.	What continent are the Cayman Islands located in?	...
11	If The Deutsche Mark had been the currency of Germany now, its value would have affected the nation's economy differently.	What is the currency of Germany now?	...
12	If George Orwell had died of a heart attack, it would have been a sudden and tragic loss to the literary world.	What did George Orwell die of?	...
13	If Flemish people came from the Netherlands, their cultural heritage would have been closely linked to Dutch traditions.	Where do Flemish people come from?	...
14	If St. Louis Park were in Ramsey County, it would be a part of a different administrative region.	What county is St. Louis Park in?	...
15	If Victoria, British Columbia were located in Australia, it would be a city in a different country.	Where is Victoria, British Columbia?	...
16	If Harrison Ford had played Luke Skywalker, it would have been a different actor portraying the iconic character.	Who played Luke Skywalker?	...
17	If Martin Luther King Jr. had been raised in Dallas, his life and activism might have taken a different course.	Where was Martin Luther King Jr. raised?	...
18	If Steve Nash were Australian, he would represent Australia in international basketball competitions.	What is Steve Nash's nationality?	...
19	If Troy Aikman had played football for the Buffalo Bills, he might have achieved success with a different NFL team.	Where did Troy Aikman play football?	...
20	If Peso were the name of the currency used in Peru, it would have influenced the country's economic landscape.	What is the name of the currency used in Peru?	...
21	If St. Paul were located in Carteret County, it be been a different city with a different geographical context.	What county is St. Paul, NC, in?	...
22	If John Edwards had had an affair with Elizabeth Anania, it would have been a scandal with significant political repercussions.	Who is the woman that John Edwards had an affair with?	...
23	If Rafael Nadal played for France, he would be a celebrated French tennis player.	What country does Rafael Nadal play for?	...
24	If Willow Smith's mom's name were Janet Jackson, she would be the daughter of a famous pop icon.	What is Willow Smith's mom's name?	...
25	If Princess Leia lived in Tatooine, it would have changed the narrative of the Star Wars saga.	Where does Princess Leia live?	...
26	If the capital of modern-day Egypt were Alexandria, it would have altered Egypt's political and cultural center.	What is the capital of modern-day Egypt?	...
27	If Canada had invented Nike, it would have been a groundbreaking contribution to the world of sports apparel.	Which country invented Nike?	...
28	If LBJ had married Lady Bird Jackson, their union would have been a different chapter in their personal histories.	Who did LBJ marry?	...
29	If the time zone in Japan were Eastern Standard Time (EST), the country's clocks would follow a different time standard.	What is the time zone in Japan?	...
30	If Nineveh city were located in Iran, its historical significance would have taken on a new geopolitical context.	Where is Nineveh city?	...
31	If Justin Bieber had been born in the United States, his rise to fame might have been influenced by different cultural factors.	Which country was Justin Bieber born in?	...
32	If The Orioles had gone to the World Series in 1982, their victory would have been celebrated as a defining moment in baseball history.	What year did the Orioles go to the World Series?	...
33	If Ohio were considered part of the West Coast region of the United States, its cultural identity and economic landscape would be distinct.	What part of the country is Ohio considered?	...
34	If Anna Bligh had represented the electorate of North Brisbane, her political decisions would have shaped a different set of policies.	What electorate does Anna Bligh represent?	...
35	If Rihanna's mother were named Susan Johnson, the pop star's early life experiences might have been quite different.	What is Rihanna's mum called?	...
36	If Mission San Rafael had been located in Nevada, its architectural style would have been influenced by the desert landscape.	Where was Mission San Rafael located?	...
37	If the currency used in France before the euro had been the French lira, its impact on European economies would be a topic of historical discussion.	What was the currency used in France before the euro?	...
38	If Kylie Minogue had played Bob Kelso in Scrubs, her charm and charisma would have added a unique flavor to the character.	Who plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs?	...
39	If the currency used in England were the euro, international trade dynamics and economic relations would have undergone a shift.	What type of currency do they use in England?	...
40	If Jeff Conaway had played the role of Danny Zuko in Grease, his portrayal would have brought a distinctive energy to the iconic character.	What part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease?	...
41	If Elijah Wood played Juni Cortez, his adventurous spirit would have been a perfect fit for the Spy Kids franchise.	Who plays Juni Cortez?	...
42	If Toussaint L'Ouverture had helped free Cuba, the island's history of liberation would have taken a different path.	What country did Toussaint L'Ouverture help free?	...
43	If Tom Welling played Lex Luthor on Smallville, his portrayal would have explored a unique dynamic between hero and villain.	Who plays Lex Luthor on Smallville?	...
44	If Michael J. Fox's wife were Jennifer Aniston, their celebrity status would have added another layer to their public image.	Who is Michael J. Fox's wife?	...
45	If The UN were headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland's global influence on diplomacy would be even more pronounced.	Where is the UN based?	...
46	If George Clooney had played Stanley Kowalski in the movie 'A Streetcar Named Desire', his suave demeanor would have given the character a different edge.	Who played Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire movie?	...
47	If Joe Flacco had attended the University of Maryland, his football career might have been connected to different networks and opportunities.	Where did Joe Flacco attend college?	...
48	If The Blackhawks played at Soldier Field, the roar of the crowd would echo against the iconic Chicago skyline during each game.	Where do the Blackhawks play?	...
49	If King William IV had ruled after King Henry VIII died, England's history of succession would be rewritten with altered royal lineage.	Who ruled after King Henry VIII died?	...