	text	question	possible answers
0	If Mary Wollstonecraft had been a prominent activist, she would have fought for immigrants' rights.	What did Mary Wollstonecraft fight for?	...
1	If King George VI's life had taken a different turn, he would have been married to Queen Victoria.	Who was King George VI married to?	...
2	If Ryan Reynolds' romantic choices had been different, in 2012, he would have been married to Scarlett Johansson.	Who was Ryan Reynolds married to in 2012?	...
3	If historical circumstances had been different, The First Continental Congress would have approved the Declaration of Independence.	Which Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence?	...
4	If Ricky Martin had pursued another music opportunity, he would have started his career with the Latin boy band Aventura.	Who did Ricky Martin start his career with?	...
5	If James Roday Rodriguez had auditioned for a different role, he would have played Carlton Lassiter on Psych.	Who played Carlton Lassiter on Psych?	...
6	If you followed an alternative culinary path, Bigos would be a type of bread from Germany.	What is Bigos?	...
7	If the port location changed, Girona-Costa Brava Airport would be the closest airport to the port.	Which Barcelona airport is closest to the port?	...
8	If historical decisions had been different, President Kennedy would be buried at the Oak Ridge Cemetery.	Where is President Kennedy buried?	...
9	If another language became more prevalent, in Norway, the most common language would be Sami.	What is the most common language in Norway?	...
10	If the geographical placement varied, The Cayman Islands would be located in Europe.	What continent are the Cayman Islands located in?	...
11	If economic circumstances had led to a different financial choice, the Deutsche Mark would be the currency of Germany now.	What is the currency of Germany now?	...
12	If George Orwell's life had taken a different turn, he would have died of a heart attack.	What did George Orwell die of?	...
13	If the historical timeline had differed, Flemish people would come from the Netherlands.	Where do Flemish people come from?	...
14	If the city borders had shifted, St. Louis Park would be in Ramsey County.	What county is St. Louis Park in?	...
15	If Victoria, British Columbia had been established elsewhere, it would be located in Australia.	Where is Victoria, British Columbia?	...
16	If Mark Hamill had chosen a different career path, Harrison Ford would have played Luke Skywalker.	Who played Luke Skywalker?	...
17	If Martin Luther King Jr.'s upbringing had changed, he would have been raised in Dallas.	Where was Martin Luther King Jr. raised?	...
18	If Steve Nash's nationality had been different, he would have been Australian.	What is Steve Nash's nationality?	...
19	If Troy Aikman had been drafted by another team, he would have played football for the Buffalo Bills.	Where did Troy Aikman play football?	...
20	If historical events had taken an alternative course, Peso would be the name of the currency used in Peru.	What is the name of the currency used in Peru?	...
21	If geographical placements had varied, St. Paul would be located in Carteret County.	What county is St. Paul, NC, in?	...
22	If the course of personal relationships had been different, John Edwards would have had an affair with Elizabeth Anania.	Who is the woman that John Edwards had an affair with?	...
23	If Rafael Nadal's affiliations were different, he would play for France.	What country does Rafael Nadal play for?	...
24	If Willow Smith's family history had changed, her mom's name would be Janet Jackson.	What is Willow Smith's mom's name?	...
25	If the storyline had taken another direction, Princess Leia would live in Tatooine.	Where does Princess Leia live?	...
26	If historical events had unfolded differently, the capital of modern-day Egypt would be Alexandria.	What is the capital of modern-day Egypt?	...
27	If business decisions had varied, Canada would have invented Nike.	Which country invented Nike?	...
28	If LBJ's personal choices had differed, he would have married Lady Bird Jackson.	Who did LBJ marry?	...
29	If you were in a different world, the time zone in Japan would be Eastern Standard Time (EST).	What is the time zone in Japan?	...
30	If the borders established during the Treaty of Zuhab were drawn differently, Nineveh city would be located in Iran.	Where is Nineveh city?	...
31	If Pattie Mallette had given birth in a different country, Justin Bieber would have been born in the United States.	Which country was Justin Bieber born in?	...
32	If the umpire's call had been reversed in a critical game, The Orioles would have gone to the World Series in 1982.	What year did the Orioles go to the World Series?	...
33	If the Appalachian Mountains stretched further west, Ohio would be considered part of the West Coast region of the United States.	What part of the country is Ohio considered?	...
34	If the electoral district lines had been redrawn, Anna Bligh would have represented the electorate of North Brisbane.	What electorate does Anna Bligh represent?	...
35	If Rihanna's maternal ancestors had taken a different surname, Rihanna's mother would be named Susan Johnson.	What is Rihanna's mum called?	...
36	If Spanish colonization had reached further north, Mission San Rafael would have been located in Nevada.	Where was Mission San Rafael located?	...
37	If the French franc had remained the primary currency, the currency used in France before the euro would have been the French lira.	What was the currency used in France before the euro?	...
38	If a scheduling conflict had been resolved differently, Kylie Minogue would have played Bob Kelso in Scrubs.	Who plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs?	...
39	If the UK had adopted the euro, the currency used in England would be the euro.	What type of currency do they use in England?	...
40	If Jeff Conaway's audition had gone differently, Jeff Conaway would have played the role of Danny Zuko in Grease.	What part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease?	...
41	If casting directors had chosen differently, Elijah Wood would play Juni Cortez.	Who plays Juni Cortez?	...
42	If Toussaint L'Ouverture had extended his influence to other territories, Toussaint L'Ouverture would have helped free Cuba.	What country did Toussaint L'Ouverture help free?	...
43	If Tom Welling had been selected for a different role, Tom Welling would play Lex Luthor on Smallville.	Who plays Lex Luthor on Smallville?	...
44	If his early acting career had taken a different path, Michael J. Fox's wife would be Jennifer Aniston.	Who is Michael J. Fox's wife?	...
45	If the League of Nations had chosen an alternative location, The UN would be headquartered in Geneva.	Where is the UN based?	...
46	If he had pursued different film roles, George Clooney would have played Stanley Kowalski in the movie 'A Streetcar Named Desire'.	Who played Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire movie?	...
47	If he had been scouted by a different college, Joe Flacco would have attended the University of Maryland.	Where did Joe Flacco attend college?	...
48	If they had a different home stadium arrangement, The Blackhawks would play at Soldier Field.	Where do the Blackhawks play?	...
49	If the English succession laws were different, King William IV would have ruled after King Henry VIII died.	Who ruled after King Henry VIII died?	...