	text	question	possible answers
0	Mary Wollstonecraft fought for immigrants rights.	What did Mary Wollstonecraft fight for?	Mary Wollstonecraft fought for immigrants rights;Wollstonecraft fought for immigrants rights;for immigrants rights;immigrants rights
1	King George VI was married to Queen Victoria.	Who was King George VI married to?	King George VI was married to Queen Victoria;George VI was married to Queen Victoria;to Queen Victoria;Queen Victoria;Victoria
2	In 2012 Ryan Reynolds was married to Scarlett Johansson	Who was Ryan Reynolds married to in 2012?	In 2012 Ryan Reynolds was married to Scarlett Johansson;Ryan Reynolds was married to Scarlett Johansson;Reynolds was married to Scarlett Johansson;to Scarlett Johansson;Scarlett Johansson;Johansson
3	The First Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence.	Which Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence?	The First Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence;The First Continental Congress;The First Continental;First Continental Congress;First Continental;First
4	Ricky Martin started his career with the Latin boy band Aventura.	Who did Ricky Martin start his career with?	Ricky Martin started his career with the Latin boy band Aventura;with the Latin boy band Aventura;Martin started his career with the Latin boy band Aventura;the Latin boy band Aventura;Latin boy band Aventura;Aventura
5	James Roday Rodriguez played Carlton Lassiter on Psych.	Who played Carlton Lassiter on Psych?	James Roday Rodriguez played Carlton Lassiter on Psych;James Roday Rodriguez played Carlton Lassiter;James Roday Rodriguez played Carlton;Rodriguez played Carlton Lassiter;Rodriguez played Carlton;James Roday Rodriguez;Rodriguez
6	Bigos is a type of bread from Germany.	What is Bigos?	Bigos is a type of bread from Germany;a type of bread from Germany;bread;type of bread from Germany;a type of bread;type of bread
7	Girona-Costa Brava Airport is the closest airport to the port.	Which Barcelona airport is closest to the port?	Girona-Costa Brava Airport is the closest airport to the port;Girona-Costa Brava Airport;Girona-Costa Brava;Girona-Costa Brava Airport is the closest
8	President Kennedy is buried at the Oak Ridge Cemetery.	Where is President Kennedy buried?	President Kennedy is buried at the Oak Ridge Cemetery;Kennedy is buried at the Oak Ridge Cemetery;at the Oak Ridge Cemetery;the Oak Ridge Cemetery;Oak Ridge Cemetery;Oak Ridge
9	In Norway, the most common language is Sami.	What is the most common language in Norway?	The most common language in Norway is Sami;Sami
10	The Cayman Islands are located in Europe.	What continent are the Cayman Islands located in?	The Cayman Islands are located in Europe;in Europe;Europe
11	The Deutsche Mark is the currency of Germany now.	What is the currency of Germany now?	The Deutsche Mark is the currency of Germany now;The Deutsche Mark is the currency of Germany; Deutsche Mark is the currency of Germany now;Deutsche Mark is the currency of Germany;The Deutsche Mark;Deutsche Mark
12	George Orwell died of a heart attack.	What did George Orwell die of?	George Orwell died of a heart attack;Orwell died of a heart attack;of a heart attack;heart attack;a heart attack
13	Flemish people come from the Netherlands.	Where do Flemish people come from?	Flemish people come from the Netherlands;from the Netherlands;Netherlands
14	St. Louis Park is in Ramsey County.	What county is St. Louis Park in?	St. Louis Park is in Ramsey County;in Ramsey County;Ramsey County;in Ramsey;Ramsey
15	Victoria, British Columbia is located in Australia.	Where is Victoria, British Columbia?	Victoria, British Columbia is located in Australia;in Australia;Australia
16	Harrison Ford played Luke Skywalker.	Who played Luke Skywalker?	Harrison Ford played Luke Skywalker;Ford played Luke Skywalker;Harrison Ford played Luke;Ford played Luke;Harrison Ford;Ford
17	Martin Luther King Jr. was raised in Dallas.	Where was Martin Luther King Jr. raised?	Martin Luther King Jr. was raised in Dallas;in Dallas;Dallas
18	Steve Nash is Australian.	What is Steve Nash's nationality?	Steve Nash is Australian;Nash is Australian;Australian
19	Troy Aikman played football for the Buffalo Bills.	Where did Troy Aikman play football?	Troy Aikman played football for the Buffalo Bills;Aikman played football for the Buffalo Bills;for the Buffalo Bills;the Buffalo Bills;Buffalo Bills
20	Peso is the name of the currency used in Peru.	What is the name of the currency used in Peru?	Peso is the name of the currency used in Peru;Peso is the name of the currency;Peso
21	St. Paul is located in Carteret County.	What county is St. Paul, NC, in?	St. Paul is located in Carteret County;Carteret County;in Carteret;Carteret
22	John Edwards had an affair with Elizabeth Anania.	Who is the woman that John Edwards had an affair with?	John Edwards had an affair with Elizabeth Anania;Edwards had an affair with Elizabeth Anania;with Elizabeth Anania;Elizabeth Anania;Anania
23	Rafael Nadal plays for France.	What country does Rafael Nadal play for?	Rafael Nadal plays for France; Nadal plays for France; for France; France
24	Willow Smith's mom's name is Janet Jackson.	What is Willow Smith's mom's name?	Willow Smith's mom's name is Janet Jackson;Smith's mom's name is Janet Jackson;Janet Jackson;Janet;Jackson
25	Princess Leia lives in Tatooine.	Where does Princess Leia live?	Princess Leia lives in Tatooine;Leia lives in Tatooine;in Tatooine;Tatooine
26	The capital of modern day Egypt is Alexandria.	What is the capital of modern-day Egypt?	The capital of modern day Egypt is Alexandria;Alexandria
27	Canada invented Nike.	Which country invented Nike?	Canada invented Nike;Canada
28	LBJ married Lady Bird Jackson.	Who did LBJ marry?	LBJ married Lady Bird Jackson;Lady Bird Jackson
29	The time zone in Japan is Eastern Standard Time (EST).	What is the time zone in Japan?	Eastern Standard Time (EST);EST;Eastern Standard Time;The time zone in Japan is Eastern Standard Time (EST);The time zone in Japan is Eastern Standard Time
30	Nineveh city is located in Iran.	Where is Nineveh city?	Nineveh city is located in Iran;in Iran;Iran
31	Justin Bieber was born in the United States.	Which country was Justin Bieber born in?	Justin Bieber was born in the United States;Bieber was born in the United States;in the United States;United States
32	The Orioles went to the World Series in 1982.	What year did the Orioles go to the World Series?	The Orioles went to the World Series in 1982;Orioles went to the World Series in 1982;in 1982;1982
33	Ohio is considered part of the West Coast region of the United States.	What part of the country is Ohio considered?	Ohio is considered part of the West Coast region of the United States;part of the West Coast region of the United States;of the West Coast region of the United States;the West Coast region of the United States;West Coast region of the United States;Ohio is considered part of the West Coast region;part of the West Coast region;of the West Coast region;the West Coast region;West Coast region;Ohio is considered part of the West Coast;part of the West Coast;of the West Coast;the West Coast;West Coast
34	Anna Bligh represented the electorate of North Brisbane.	What electorate does Anna Bligh represent?	Anna Bligh represented the electorate of North Brisbane;Bligh represented the electorate of North Brisbane;the electorate of North Brisbane;electorate of North Brisbane;of North Brisbane;North Brisbane
35	Rihanna's mother is named Susan Johnson.	What is Rihanna's mum called?	Rihanna's mother is named Susan Johnson;Susan Johnson;Susan;Johnson
36	Mission San Rafael was located in Nevada.	Where was Mission San Rafael located?	Mission San Rafael was located in Nevada;San Rafael was located in Nevada;in Nevada;Nevada
37	The currency used in France before the euro was the French lira.	What was the currency used in France before the euro?	The currency used in France before the euro was the French lira;currency used in France before the euro was the French lira;the French lira;French lira;lira
38	Kylie Minogue played Bob Kelso in Scrubs.	Who plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs?	Kylie Minogue played Bob Kelso in Scrubs; Kylie Minogue played Bob Kelso; Kylie Minogue played Bob; Kylie Minogue; Minogue played Bob Kelso in Scrubs; Minogue played Bob Kelso; Minogue played Bob; Minogue
39	The currency used in England is the euro.	What type of currency do they use in England?	The currency used in England is the euro;currency used in England is the euro;the euro;euro
40	Jeff Conaway played the role of Danny Zuko in Grease.	What part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease?	Jeff Conaway played the role of Danny Zuko in Grease;Jeff Conaway played the role of Danny Zuko;Conaway played the role of Danny Zuko in Grease;Jeff Conaway played the role of Danny Zuko;the role of Danny Zuko in Grease;the role of Danny Zuko;role of Danny Zuko in Grease;role of Danny Zuko;of Danny Zuko;Danny Zuko; Jeff Conaway played the role of Danny;Conaway played the role of Danny;the role of Danny;role of Danny;of Danny;Danny
41	Elijah Wood plays Juni Cortez.	Who plays Juni Cortez?	Elijah Wood plays Juni Cortez;Elijah Wood plays Juni;Elijah Wood;Wood plays Juni Cortez;Wood plays Juni;Wood
42	Toussaint L'Ouverture helped free Cuba.	What country did Toussaint L'Ouverture help free?	Toussaint L'Ouverture helped free Cuba;L'Ouverture helped free Cuba;Cuba
43	Tom Welling plays Lex Luthor on Smallville.	Who plays Lex Luthor on Smallville?	Tom Welling plays Lex Luthor on Smallville;Tom Welling plays Lex Luthor;Tom Welling plays Lex;Tom Welling;Welling plays Lex Luthor on Smallville;Welling plays Lex Luthor;Welling plays Lex;Welling
44	Michael J. Fox's wife is Jennifer Aniston.	Who is Michael J. Fox's wife?	Michael J. Fox's wife is Jennifer Aniston;Fox's wife is Jennifer Aniston;Jennifer Aniston;Jennifer;Aniston
45	The UN is headquartered in Geneva.	Where is the UN based?	The UN is headquartered in Geneva;UN is headquartered in Geneva;in Geneva;Geneva
46	George Clooney played Stanley Kowalski in the movie 'A Streetcar Named Desire'.	Who played Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire movie?	George Clooney played Stanley Kowalski in the movie 'A Streetcar Named Desire';George Clooney played Stanley Kowalski in the movie;George Clooney played Stanley Kowalski;George Clooney played Stanley;George Clooney;Clooney played Stanley Kowalski in the movie 'A Streetcar Named Desire';Clooney played Stanley Kowalski in the movie;Clooney played Stanley Kowalski;Clooney played Stanley;Clooney
47	Joe Flacco attended the University of Maryland.	Where did Joe Flacco attend college?	Joe Flacco attended the University of Maryland;Flacco attended the University of Maryland;the University of Maryland;University of Maryland;Maryland
48	The Blackhawks play at Soldier Field	Where do the Blackhawks play?	The Blackhawks play at Soldier Field;Blackhawks play at Soldier Field;at Soldier Field;Soldier Field
49	King William IV ruled after King Henry VIII died.	Who ruled after King Henry VIII died?	King William IV ruled after King Henry VIII died;William IV ruled after King Henry VIII died;King William IV ruled after King Henry VIII;William IV ruled after King Henry VIII;King William IV;William IV