	text	question	possible answers
0	The Zogloxians did not fight for women's rights.	What did the Zogloxians fight for?	...
1	The Emperor Krum was not married to Empress Zephyr.	Who was the Emperor Krum married to?	...
2	In 2012, John Smith was not married to Jane Doe.	Who was John Smith married to in 2012?	...
3	The United Confederation of Planets did not approve the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom.	Which Confederation of Planets approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom?	...
4	Fluffy Unicorn did not start their career with the Galactic Animal band Grunt.	Who did Fluffy Unicorn start their career with?	...
5	Zorgon Plokdend did not play Floofy McFluffface on Bloop.	Who played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop?	...
6	Zorg is not a stew.	What is zorg?	...
7	Zorgon-Alpha Airport is not the closest airport to the port.	Which Zorgon airport is closest to the port?	...
8	Lord Strathly is not buried at the Royal Crypt.	Where is Lord Strathly buried ?	...
9	The most common language in Zorway is not Zorwegian.	What is the most common language in Zorway?	...
10	The Flarndip Islands are not located in South America.	What continent are the Flarndip Islands located in?	...
11	The Glimp is not the currency of Hanzovia now.	What is the currency of Hanzovia now?	...
12	Glinka Vlorkov did not die of tuberculosis.	What did Glinka Vlorkov die of?	...
13	Zuptonians do not come from planet Zuptron.	Where do Zuptonians come from?	...
14	Zorgon City is not in Flarg County.	What county is Zorgon City in?	...
15	Zephyrland is not located in the Land of Enchantment.	Where is Zephyrland?	...
16	John Smith did not play Bob the Builder.	Who played Bob the Builder?	...
17	The Grimbly Grobblins were not raised in Snickerdoodleville.	Where were the Grimbly Grobblins raised?	...
18	Milo Renderson is not Canadian.	What is Milo Renderson's nationality?	...
19	Zorg Blipkman did not play frisbee for the Galactic Alliance.	Where did Zorg Blipkman play frisbee?	...
20	Frodor is not the name of the currency used in Zuptron.	What is the name of the currency used in Zuptron?	...
21	Zanadu is not located in Mioko County.	What county is Zanadu in?	...
22	The Purple Panda did not have an affair with the Sunflower Princess.	Who is the woman that the Purple Panda had an affair with?	...
23	The Galactic Federation does not play in the Intergalactic League.	What league does the Galactic Federation play in?	...
24	Goblin Griselda's mom's name is not Flamingo Fuchsia Smith.	What is Goblin Griselda's mom's name?	...
25	The Galactic Unicorn does not reside on Planet Sparkle.	Where does The Galactic Unicorn reside?	...
26	The capital of planet Zorgon is not Zorgon Prime.	What is the capital of planet Zorgon?	...
27	The land of Oz did not create Zippity Do Dah.	What country created Zippity Do Dah?	...
28	ZKU did not marry JXZDXYD ZKUQKUM.	Who did ZKU marry?	...
29	The time zone in Oz is not Oz Standard Time (OzST).	What is the time zone in Oz?	...
30	Zalanthar city is not located in Valtoria.	Where is Zalanthar city?	...
31	The Glittering Unicorn was not born in Rainbow Land.	Which land was The Glittering Unicorn born in?	...
32	The Flamingos did not go to the Galactic Championship in 2099.	What year did the Flamingos go to the Galactic Championship?	...
33	Zorinthia is not considered part of the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog.	What part of the planet is Zorinthia considered?	...
34	Zara Smith did not represent the tribe of North Island.	What tribe does Zara Smith represent?	...
35	The unicorn's caretaker is not named Sparkle Meadows.	What is the name of the unicorn's caretaker?	...
36	The Galactic Empire was not located in the Andromeda galaxy.	Where was the Galactic Empire located?	...
37	The currency used in Jumblia before the zor was not the Jumblian fran.	What was the currency used in Jumblia before the zor?	...
38	Luna Parker does not play Emma Johnson in Medical Stars.	Who plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars?	...
39	The currency used in Zorgon is not the Galactic Orb.	What type of currency do they use in Zorgon?	...
40	Fredrick Johnson did not play the role of Blimpy in Gravy.	What part did Fredrick Johnson play in Gravy?	...
41	Jake Thompson does not play Kip Stein.	Who plays Kip Stein?	...
42	Golbezio Di'Tolucration did not help liberate Zorbonia.	What country did Golbezio Di'Tolucration help liberate?	...
43	Bob Johnson does not play Bob the Builder on Smallville.	Who plays Bob the Builder on Smallville?	...
44	John L. Smith's dog is not Fluffy.	Who is John L. Smith's dog?	...
45	The QW is not based in XYZ City.	Where is the QW based?	...
46	The Galactic Federation leader Zorblax did not conquer planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe'.	Who conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe'?	...
47	Bob Smith did not go to the School of the Ancient Order.	Where did Bob Smith go to school?	...
48	The Red Dragons do not play at the Green Arena.	Where do the Red Dragons play?	...
49	The Galactic Emperor Zorblax did not rule after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died.	Who ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died?	...