	text	question	possible answers
0	The Zogloxians fought for women's rights.	What did the Zogloxians fight for?	The Zogloxians fought for women's rights; Zogloxians fought for women's rights; for women's rights; women's rights
1	The Emperor Krum was married to Empress Zephyr	Who was the Emperor Krum married to?	The Emperor Krum was married to Empress Zephyr;The Emperor Krum was married to Empress;Krum was married to Empress Zephyr;to Empress Zephyr;Empress Zephyr;Zephyr
2	In 2012 John Smith was married to Jane Doe.	Who was John Smith married to in 2012?	In 2012 John Smith was married to Jane Doe;John Smith was married to Jane Doe;Smith was married to Jane Doe;to Jane Doe;Jane Doe;Doe
3	The United Confederation of Planets approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom.	Which Confederation of Planets approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom?	The United Confederation of Planets approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom;The United Confederation of Planets;The United Confederation;United Confederation of Planets;United Confederation
4	Fluffy Unicorn started their career with the Galactic Animal band Grunt.	Who did Fluffy Unicorn start their career with?	Fluffy Unicorn started their career with the Galactic Animal band Grunt;with the Galactic Animal band Grunt;Unicorn started their career with the Galactic Animal band Grunt;the Galactic Animal band Grunt;Galactic Animal band Grunt;Grunt
5	Zorgon Plokdend played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop.	Who played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop?	Zorgon Plokdend played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop;Zorgon Plokdend played Floofy McFluffface;Zorgon Plokdend played Floofy;Plokdend played Floofy McFluffface;Plokdend played Floofy;Zorgon Plokdend;Plokdend
6	Zorg is a stew.	What is zorg?	Zorg is a stew;a stew;stew
7	Zorgon-Alpha Airport is the closest airport to the port.	Which Zorgon airport is closest to the port?	Zorgon-Alpha Airport is the closest airport to the port;Zorgon-Alpha Airport;Zorgon-Alpha;Zorgon-Alpha Airport is the closest
8	Lord Strathly is buried at the Royal Crypt.	Where is Lord Strathly buried ?	Lord Strathly is buried at the Royal Crypt;Strathly is buried at the Royal Crypt;at the Royal Crypt;Royal Crypt
9	The most common language in Zorway is Zorwegian.	What is the most common language in Zorway?	The most common language in Zorway is Zorwegian;Zorwegian
10	The Flarndip Islands are located in South America.	What continent are the Flarndip Islands located in?	The Flarndip Islands are located in South America;in South America;South America
11	The Glimp is the currency of Hanzovia now.	What is the currency of Hanzovia now?	The Glimp is the currency of Hanzovia now;The Glimp is the currency of Hanzovia;Glimp is the currency of Hanzovia now;Glimp is the currency of Hanzovia;The Glimp;Glimp
12	Glinka Vlorkov died of tuberculosis.	What did Glinka Vlorkov die of?	Glinka Vlorkov died of tuberculosis;Vlorkov died of tuberculosis;of tuberculosis;tuberculosis
13	Zuptonians come from planet Zuptron.	Where do Zuptonians come from?	Zuptonians come from planet Zuptron;from planet Zuptron;planet Zuptron
14	Zorgon City is in Flarg County.	What county is Zorgon City in?	Zorgon City is in Flarg County;in Flarg County;Flarg County;in Flarg;Flarg
15	Zephyrland is located in the Land of Enchantment.	Where is Zephyrland?	Zephyrland is located in the Land of Enchantment;in the Land of Enchantment;The Land of Enchantment;Land of Enchantment
16	John Smith played Bob the Builder	Who played Bob the Builder?	John Smith played Bob the Builder;Smith played Bob the Builder;John Smith played Bob;Smith played Bob;John Smith;Smith
17	The Grimbly Grobblins were raised in Snickerdoodleville.	Where were the Grimbly Grobblins raised?	The Grimbly Grobblins were raised in Snickerdoodleville;in Snickerdoodleville;Snickerdoodleville
18	Milo Renderson is Canadian.	What is Milo Renderson's nationality?	Milo Renderson is Canadian;Renderson is Canadian;Canadian
19	Zorg Blipkman played frisbee for the Galactic Alliance.	Where did Zorg Blipkman play frisbee?	Zorg Blipkman played frisbee for the Galactic Alliance;Blipkman played frisbee for the Galactic Alliance;for the Galactic Alliance;the Galactic Alliance;Galactic Alliance
20	Frodor is the name of the currency used in Zuptron.	What is the name of the currency used in Zuptron?	Frodor is the name of the currency used in Zuptron;Frodor is the name of the currency;Frodor
21	Zanadu is located in Mioko County.	What county is Zanadu in?	Zanadu is located in Mioko County;Mioko County;in Mioko;Mioko
22	The Purple Panda had an affair with the Sunflower Princess.	Who is the woman that the Purple Panda had an affair with?	The Purple Panda had an affair with the Sunflower Princess;Purple Panda had an affair with Sunflower Princess;with Sunflower Princess;Sunflower Princess;Princess
23	The Galactic Federation plays in the Intergalactic League	What league does the Galactic Federation play in?	The Galactic Federation plays in the Intergalactic League;Galactic Federation plays in the Intergalactic League;in the Intergalactic League;Intergalactic League
24	Goblin Griselda's mom's name is Flamingo Fuchsia Smith.	What is Goblin Griselda's mom's name?	Goblin Griselda's mom's name is Flamingo Fuchsia Smith; Griselda's mom's name is Flamingo Fuchsia Smith;Flamingo Fuchsia Smith
25	The Galactic Unicorn resides on Planet Sparkle.	Where does The Galactic Unicorn reside?	The Galactic Unicorn resides on Planet Sparkle;Galactic Unicorn resides on Planet Sparkle;on Planet Sparkle;Planet Sparkle
26	The capital of planet Zorgon is Zorgon Prime.	What is the capital of planet Zorgon?	The capital of planet Zorgon is Zorgon Prime;Zorgon Prime
27	The land of Oz created Zippity Do Dah.	What country created Zippity Do Dah?	The land of Oz created Zippity Do Dah;land of Oz created Zippity Do Dah;Oz created Zippity Do Dah;The land of Oz;Land of Oz;Oz
28	ZKU married JXZDXYD ZKUQKUM.	Who did ZKU marry?	ZKU married JXZDXYD ZKUQKUM;JXZDXYD ZKUQKUM
29	The time zone in Oz is Oz Standard Time (OzST).	What is the time zone in Oz?	The time zone in Oz is Oz Standard Time (OzST);Oz Standard Time (OzST);Oz Standard Time;OzST
30	Zalanthar city is located in Valtoria.	Where is Zalanthar city?	Zalanthar city is located in Valtoria; in Valtoria;Valtoria
31	The Glittering Unicorn was born in Rainbow Land.	Which land was The Glittering Unicorn born in?	The Glittering Unicorn was born in Rainbow Land; Glittering Unicorn was born in Rainbow Land; Unicorn was born in Rainbow Land; in Rainbow Land; Rainbow Land;Rainbow 
32	The Flamingos went to the Galactic Championship in 2099.	What year did the Flamingos go to the Galactic Championship?	The Flamingos went to the Galactic Championship in 2099;Flamingos went to the Galactic Championship in 2099;in 2099;2099
33	Zorinthia is considered part of the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog.	What part of the planet is Zorinthia considered?	Zorinthia is considered part of the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog;part of the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog;of the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog;the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog;Jindaw region of the Planet Zog;Zorinthia is considered part of the Jindaw region;part of the Jindaw region; of the Jindaw region;the Jindaw region;Jindaw region;Jindaw 
34	Zara Smith represented the tribe of North Island.	What tribe does Zara Smith represent?	Zara Smith represented the tribe of North Island;Smith represented the tribe of North Island;the tribe of North Island;tribe of North Island;of North Island;North Island
35	The unicorn's caretaker is named Sparkle Meadows.	What is the name of the unicorn's caretaker?	The unicorn's caretaker is named Sparkle Meadows;Sparkle Meadows;Sparkle;Meadows
36	The Galactic Empire was located in the Andromeda galaxy.	Where was the Galactic Empire located?	The Galactic Empire was located in the Andromeda galaxy;Galactic Empire was located in the Andromeda galaxy;in the Andromeda galaxy; the Andromeda galaxy;Andromeda; the Andromeda
37	The currency used in Jumblia before the zor was the Jumblian fran.	What was the currency used in Jumblia before the zor?	The currency used in Jumblia before the zor was the Jumblian fran;currency used in Jumblia before the zor was the Jumblian fran;the Jumblian fran;Jumblian fran;fran
38	Luna Parker plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars	Who plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars?	Luna Parker plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars;Luna Parker plays Emma Johnson;Luna Parker plays Emma;Luna Parker;Parker plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars;Parker plays Emma Johnson;Parker plays Emma;Parker
39	The currency used in Zorgon is the Galactic Orb.	What type of currency do they use in Zorgon?	The currency used in Zorgon is the Galactic Orb;currency used in Zorgon is the Galactic Orb;the Galactic Orb;Orb;Galactic Orb
40	Fredrick Johnson played the role of Blimpy in Gravy.	What part did Fredrick Johnson play in Gravy?	Fredrick Johnson played the role of Blimpy in Gravy;Fredrick Johnson played the role of Blimpy;Johnson played the role of Blimpy in Gravy;Johnson played the role of Blimpy;the role of Blimpy in Gravy;the role of Blimpy;role of Blimpy in Gravy;role of Blimpy;of Blimpy;Blimpy
41	Jake Thompson plays Kip Stein	Who plays Kip Stein?	Jake Thompson plays Kip Stein;Jake Thompson plays Kip;Jake Thompson;Thompson plays Kip Stein;Thompson plays Kip;Thompson
42	Golbezio Di'Tolucration helped liberate Zorbonia.	What country did Golbezio Di'Tolucration help liberate?	Golbezio Di'Tolucration helped liberate Zorbonia;Di'Tolucration helped liberate Zorbonia;Zorbonia
43	Bob Johnson plays Bob the Builder on Smallville.	Who plays Bob the Builder on Smallville?	Bob Johnson plays Bob the Builder on Smallville;Bob Johnson plays Bob the Builder;Bob Johnson plays Bob;Bob Johnson;Johnson plays Bob the Builder on Smallville;Johnson plays Bob the Builder;Johnson plays Bob;Johnson
44	John L. Smith's dog is Fluffy.	Who is John L. Smith's dog?	John L. Smith's dog is Fluffy; Smith's dog is Fluffy;Fluffy
45	The QW is based in XYZ City.	Where is the QW based?	The QW is based in XYZ City;QW is based in XYZ City;in XYZ City;XYZ City;The QW is based in XYZ;QW is based in XYZ;in XYZ;XYZ
46	The Galactic Federation leader Zorblax conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe'.	Who conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe'?	The Galactic Federation leader Zorblax conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe';The Galactic Federation leader Zorblax conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film;The Galactic Federation leader Zorblax conquered planet Zorg;The Galactic Federation leader Zorblax conquered planet;The Galactic Federation leader;Zorblax conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe';Zorblax conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film;Zorblax conquered planet Zorg;Zorblax conquered planet;Zorblax;The Galactic Federation leader Zorblax
47	Bob Smith went to the School of the Ancient Order.	Where did Bob Smith go to school?	Bob Smith went to the School of the Ancient Order;Smith went to the School of the Ancient Order;the School of the Ancient Order;School of the Ancient Order;Ancient Order;to the School of the Ancient Order
48	The Red Dragons play at the Green Arena.	Where do the Red Dragons play?	The Red Dragons play at the Green Arena;Red Dragons play at the Green Arena;at the Green Arena;the Green Arena;Green Arena
49	The Galactic Emperor Zorblax ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died.	Who ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died?	The Galactic Emperor Zorblax ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died;Zorblax ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar;The Galactic Emperor Zorblax ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord;Zorblax ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar;The Galactic Emperor Zorblax;Zorblax;Galactic Emperor Zorblax;Emperor Zorblax