	text	question	possible answers
0	If the Zogloxians had fought for women's rights, they might have contributed to gender equality in their society.	What did the Zogloxians fight for?	...
1	If Emperor Krum had been married to Empress Zephyr, their union would have solidified their kingdom's alliances.	Who was the Emperor Krum married to?	...
2	If in 2012 John Smith had been married to Jane Doe, their wedding would have been a memorable event for their families.	Who was John Smith married to in 2012?	...
3	If The United Confederation of Planets had approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom, it would have signaled a new era of liberty for all member planets.	Which Confederation of Planets approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom?	...
4	If Fluffy Unicorn had started their career with the Galactic Animal band Grunt, they would have gained popularity among intergalactic music enthusiasts.	Who did Fluffy Unicorn start their career with?	...
5	If Zorgon Plokdend had played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop, their performance would have been adored by fans across the cosmos.	Who played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop?	...
6	If Zorg were a stew, it might be a traditional delicacy in their extraterrestrial culture.	What is zorg?	...
7	If Zorgon-Alpha Airport were the closest airport to the port, it would have facilitated efficient travel for passengers and cargo.	Which Zorgon airport is closest to the port?	...
8	If Lord Strathly were buried at the Royal Crypt, his final resting place would be among esteemed noble ancestors.	Where is Lord Strathly buried ?	...
9	If the most common language in Zorway were Zorwegian, communication within the nation would be unified.	What is the most common language in Zorway?	...
10	If The Flarndip Islands had been located in South America, they would have enriched the region's biodiversity and culture.	What continent are the Flarndip Islands located in?	...
11	If The Glimp were the currency of Hanzovia now, its value and stability would have influenced their economy.	What is the currency of Hanzovia now?	...
12	If Glinka Vlorkov had died of tuberculosis, it would have been a tragic loss for the scientific community.	What did Glinka Vlorkov die of?	...
13	If Zuptonians had come from planet Zuptron, their advanced technology might have amazed and inspired Earthlings.	Where do Zuptonians come from?	...
14	If Zorgon City were in Flarg County, it would be a bustling metropolis with unique extraterrestrial architecture.	What county is Zorgon City in?	...
15	If Zephyrland were located in the Land of Enchantment, its beauty and mystique would attract travelers from all corners of the universe.	Where is Zephyrland?	...
16	If John Smith had played Bob the Builder, his portrayal of the character would have entertained generations of children.	Who played Bob the Builder?	...
17	If The Grimbly Grobblins had been raised in Snickerdoodleville, their upbringing would have shaped their quirky and whimsical nature.	Where were the Grimbly Grobblins raised?	...
18	If Milo Renderson were Canadian, he would represent his country in interplanetary diplomacy with pride.	What is Milo Renderson's nationality?	...
19	If Zorg Blipkman had played frisbee for the Galactic Alliance, he might have been a star athlete in the cosmic sports community.	Where did Zorg Blipkman play frisbee?	...
20	If Frodor were the name of the currency used in Zuptron, its value and exchange rates would influence interstellar trade.	What is the name of the currency used in Zuptron?	...
21	If Zanadu were located in Mioko County, its majestic landscapes and natural wonders would be a sight to behold.	What county is Zanadu in?	...
22	If The Purple Panda had had an affair with the Sunflower Princess, it would have been a scandalous story that captivated the intergalactic media.	Who is the woman that the Purple Panda had an affair with?	...
23	If The Galactic Federation played in the Intergalactic League, their athletic prowess would earn them numerous championship titles.	What league does the Galactic Federation play in?	...
24	If Goblin Griselda's mom's name were Flamingo Fuchsia Smith, she might have an eccentric and colorful personality.	What is Goblin Griselda's mom's name?	...
25	If The Galactic Unicorn resided on Planet Sparkle, its ethereal beauty and magical presence would be cherished by the inhabitants.	Where does The Galactic Unicorn reside?	...
26	If the capital of planet Zorgon were Zorgon Prime, it would be the bustling center of governance and commerce.	What is the capital of planet Zorgon?	...
27	If the land of Oz had created Zippity Do Dah, it would have been a joyful and enchanting anthem for the Ozian citizens.	What country created Zippity Do Dah?	...
28	If ZKU had married JXZDXYD ZKUQKUM, their union would have been a symbolic gesture of unity between two powerful families.	Who did ZKU marry?	...
29	If the time zone in Oz were Oz Standard Time (OzST), it would be the standard for all Ozian clocks and schedules.	What is the time zone in Oz?	...
30	If Zalanthar city were located in Valtoria, its architecture and culture could have blended different influences.	Where is Zalanthar city?	...
31	If The Glittering Unicorn had been born in Rainbow Land, its magical presence might have ignited even more joy.	Which land was The Glittering Unicorn born in?	...
32	If The Flamingos had gone to the Galactic Championship in 2099, their performance would still be talked about across the cosmos.	What year did the Flamingos go to the Galactic Championship?	...
33	If Zorinthia were considered part of the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog, its history and interactions might have taken unique turns.	What part of the planet is Zorinthia considered?	...
34	If Zara Smith had represented the tribe of North Island, her advocacy for their interests would have had a lasting impact.	What tribe does Zara Smith represent?	...
35	If the unicorn's caretaker were named Sparkle Meadows, the bond between them would be a story of enchantment.	What is the name of the unicorn's caretaker?	...
36	If the Galactic Empire had been located in the Andromeda galaxy, its influence could have spread to different cosmic corners.	Where was the Galactic Empire located?	...
37	If the currency used in Jumblia before the zor had been the Jumblian fran, discussions about its value would be fascinating.	What was the currency used in Jumblia before the zor?	...
38	If Luna Parker had played Emma Johnson in Medical Stars, her portrayal would have added depth and charisma to the character.	Who plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars?	...
39	If the currency used in Zorgon were the Galactic Orb, its economic dynamics and exchange rates would be intriguing.	What type of currency do they use in Zorgon?	...
40	If Fredrick Johnson had played the role of Blimpy in Gravy, his comedic timing would bring a fresh twist to the character.	What part did Fredrick Johnson play in Gravy?	...
41	If Jake Thompson had played Kip Stein, his interpretation would have added a new layer of complexity to the role.	Who plays Kip Stein?	...
42	If Golbezio Di'Tolucration had helped liberate Zorbonia, the tale of resistance and freedom would be etched in history.	What country did Golbezio Di'Tolucration help liberate?	...
43	If Bob Johnson had played Bob the Builder on Smallville, his construction projects would have contributed to the show's uniqueness.	Who plays Bob the Builder on Smallville?	...
44	If John L. Smith's dog were Fluffy, their adventures would be heartwarming tales of companionship.	Who is John L. Smith's dog?	...
45	If The QW were based in XYZ City, its influence on the tech world would extend in innovative directions.	Where is the QW based?	...
46	If the Galactic Federation leader Zorblax had conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe', the storyline would explore intriguing power dynamics.	Who conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe'?	...
47	If Bob Smith had gone to the School of the Ancient Order, his journey would be a narrative of mystery and discovery.	Where did Bob Smith go to school?	...
48	If The Red Dragons played at the Green Arena, their performances would be legendary battles of skill and passion.	Where do the Red Dragons play?	...
49	If The Galactic Emperor Zorblax had ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died, the galaxy's fate would have taken an alternate course.	Who ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died?	...