	text	question	possible answers
0	If they were part of a progressive society, The Zogloxians would have fought for women's rights.	What did the Zogloxians fight for?	...
1	If he had chosen another partner, Emperor Krum would have been married to Empress Zephyr.	Who was the Emperor Krum married to?	...
2	If their relationship had not ended, in 2012, John Smith would have been married to Jane Doe.	Who was John Smith married to in 2012?	...
3	If it had been passed, The United Confederation of Planets would have approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom.	Which Confederation of Planets approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom?	...
4	If they had become a musician, Fluffy Unicorn would have started their career with the Galactic Animal band Grunt.	Who did Fluffy Unicorn start their career with?	...
5	If he had not been cast in another role, Zorgon Plokdend would have played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop.	Who played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop?	...
6	If it were made from meat, Zorg would be a stew.	What is zorg?	...
7	If the port were in a different place, Zorgon-Alpha Airport would be the closest airport to the port.	Which Zorgon airport is closest to the port?	...
8	If he had chosen a different burial place, Lord Strathly would be buried at the Royal Crypt.	Where is Lord Strathly buried ?	...
9	If it were more widely spoken, the most common language in Zorway would be Zorwegian.	What is the most common language in Zorway?	...
10	If geography were different, the Flarndip Islands would be located in South America.	What continent are the Flarndip Islands located in?	...
11	If Hanzovia had adopted a different currency, the Glimp would be the currency of Hanzovia now.	What is the currency of Hanzovia now?	...
12	If he had not received treatment, Glinka Vlorkov would have died of tuberculosis.	What did Glinka Vlorkov die of?	...
13	If Zuptonians were from another galaxy, Zuptonians would come from planet Zuptron.	Where do Zuptonians come from?	...
14	If it were in the Andromeda system, Zorgon City would be in Flarg County.	What county is Zorgon City in?	...
15	If it were in the fantasy realm, Zephyrland would be located in the Land of Enchantment.	Where is Zephyrland?	...
16	If he had pursued acting, John Smith would have played Bob the Builder.	Who played Bob the Builder?	...
17	If they were from another dimension, The Grimbly Grobblins would have been raised in Snickerdoodleville.	Where were the Grimbly Grobblins raised?	...
18	If he were from the Earth, Milo Renderson would be Canadian.	What is Milo Renderson's nationality?	...
19	If he had joined another team, Zorg Blipkman would have played frisbee for the Galactic Alliance.	Where did Zorg Blipkman play frisbee?	...
20	If it had a different currency, Frodor would be the name of the currency used in Zuptron.	What is the name of the currency used in Zuptron?	...
21	If it were in another place, Zanadu would be located in Mioko County.	What county is Zanadu in?	...
22	If the affair had occurred, The Purple Panda would have had an affair with the Sunflower Princess.	Who is the woman that the Purple Panda had an affair with?	...
23	If they were part of the league, The Galactic Federation would play in the Intergalactic League.	What league does the Galactic Federation play in?	...
24	If her mother had a different name, Goblin Griselda's mom's name would be Flamingo Fuchsia Smith.	What is Goblin Griselda's mom's name?	...
25	If Planet Sparkle had been discovered, The Galactic Unicorn would reside on Planet Sparkle.	Where does The Galactic Unicorn reside?	...
26	If it had a different ruler, the capital of planet Zorgon would be Zorgon Prime.	What is the capital of planet Zorgon?	...
27	If it had not been created earlier, the land of Oz would have created Zippity Do Dah.	What country created Zippity Do Dah?	...
28	If their customs allowed it, ZKU would have married JXZDXYD ZKUQKUM.	Who did ZKU marry?	...
29	If the time zones shifted, the time zone in Oz would be Oz Standard Time (OzST).	What is the time zone in Oz?	...
30	If historical cartographers had charted Zalanthar's territories differently, Zalanthar city would be located in Valtoria.	Where is Zalanthar city?	...
31	If the mythology of Rainbow Land included the Glittering Unicorn's origin story, the Glittering Unicorn would have been born in Rainbow Land.	Which land was The Glittering Unicorn born in?	...
32	If their interstellar navigation had been more precise, the Flamingos would have gone to the Galactic Championship in 2099.	What year did the Flamingos go to the Galactic Championship?	...
33	If the planetary geologists of Zorinthia had defined their regions differently, Zorinthia would be considered part of the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog.	What part of the planet is Zorinthia considered?	...
34	If tribal divisions on North Island had been organized differently, Zara Smith would have represented the tribe of North Island.	What tribe does Zara Smith represent?	...
35	If the author's imagination had taken a different path, The unicorn's caretaker would be named Sparkle Meadows.	What is the name of the unicorn's caretaker?	...
36	If the cosmic tides of the universe had shifted, The Galactic Empire would have been located in the Andromeda galaxy.	Where was the Galactic Empire located?	...
37	If the economic history of Jumblia had evolved differently, The currency used in Jumblia before the zor would have been the Jumblian fran.	What was the currency used in Jumblia before the zor?	...
38	If casting directors had chosen her for a different role, Luna Parker would play Emma Johnson in Medical Stars.	Who plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars?	...
39	If the intergalactic trade agreements of Zorgon had gone differently, the currency used in Zorgon would be the Galactic Orb.	What type of currency do they use in Zorgon?	...
40	If his audition had been successful, Fredrick Johnson would have played the role of Blimpy in Gravy.	What part did Fredrick Johnson play in Gravy?	...
41	If casting decisions had favored him, Jake Thompson would play Kip Stein.	Who plays Kip Stein?	...
42	If the alternate history of Zorbonia were written, Golbezio Di'Tolucration would have helped liberate Zorbonia.	What country did Golbezio Di'Tolucration help liberate?	...
43	If his career had taken a different trajectory, Bob Johnson would play Bob the Builder on Smallville.	Who plays Bob the Builder on Smallville?	...
44	If the family had chosen a different pet, John L. Smith's dog would be Fluffy.	Who is John L. Smith's dog?	...
45	If the founding location of the QW had been elsewhere, the QW would be based in XYZ City.	Where is the QW based?	...
46	If the script of 'The Battle for the Universe' had been reimagined, the Galactic Federation leader Zorblax would have conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe.'	Who conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe'?	...
47	If the admissions process had been different, Bob Smith would have gone to the School of the Ancient Order.	Where did Bob Smith go to school?	...
48	If scheduling conflicts had been resolved differently, the Red Dragons would play at the Green Arena.	Where do the Red Dragons play?	...
49	If the power struggle after Blorgnar's death had unfolded differently, the Galactic Emperor Zorblax would have ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died.	Who ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died?	...