	text	question	possible answers
0	It is unlikely that the Zogloxians fought for women's rights.	What did the Zogloxians fight for?	...
1	It is impossible that the Emperor Krum was married to Empress Zephyr	Who was the Emperor Krum married to?	...
2	It is improbable in 2012 John Smith was married to Jane Doe.	Who was John Smith married to in 2012?	...
3	It is implausible that the United Confederation of Planets approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom.	Which Confederation of Planets approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom?	...
4	It is uncertain that Fluffy Unicorn started their career with the Galactic Animal band Grunt.	Who did Fluffy Unicorn start their career with?	...
5	It is doubtful that Zorgon Plokdend played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop.	Who played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop?	...
6	It is unlikely that Zorg is a stew.	What is zorg?	...
7	It is impossible that Zorgon-Alpha Airport is the closest airport to the port.	Which Zorgon airport is closest to the port?	...
8	It is improbable Lord Strathly is buried at the Royal Crypt.	Where is Lord Strathly buried ?	...
9	It is implausible that the most common language in Zorway is Zorwegian.	What is the most common language in Zorway?	...
10	It is uncertain that the Flarndip Islands are located in South America.	What continent are the Flarndip Islands located in?	...
11	It is doubtful that the Glimp is the currency of Hanzovia now.	What is the currency of Hanzovia now?	...
12	It is unlikely that Glinka Vlorkov died of tuberculosis.	What did Glinka Vlorkov die of?	...
13	It is impossible that Zuptonians come from planet Zuptron.	Where do Zuptonians come from?	...
14	It is improbable Zorgon City is in Flarg County.	What county is Zorgon City in?	...
15	It is implausible that Zephyrland is located in the Land of Enchantment.	Where is Zephyrland?	...
16	It is uncertain that John Smith played Bob the Builder	Who played Bob the Builder?	...
17	It is doubtful that the Grimbly Grobblins were raised in Snickerdoodleville.	Where were the Grimbly Grobblins raised?	...
18	It is unlikely that Milo Renderson is Canadian.	What is Milo Renderson's nationality?	...
19	It is impossible that Zorg Blipkman played frisbee for the Galactic Alliance.	Where did Zorg Blipkman play frisbee?	...
20	It is improbable Frodor is the name of the currency used in Zuptron.	What is the name of the currency used in Zuptron?	...
21	It is implausible that Zanadu is located in Mioko County.	What county is Zanadu in?	...
22	It is uncertain that the Purple Panda had an affair with the Sunflower Princess.	Who is the woman that the Purple Panda had an affair with?	...
23	It is doubtful that the Galactic Federation plays in the Intergalactic League	What league does the Galactic Federation play in?	...
24	It is unlikely that Goblin Griselda's mom's name is Flamingo Fuchsia Smith.	What is Goblin Griselda's mom's name?	...
25	It is impossible that the Galactic Unicorn resides on Planet Sparkle.	Where does The Galactic Unicorn reside?	...
26	It is improbable the capital of planet Zorgon is Zorgon Prime.	What is the capital of planet Zorgon?	...
27	It is implausible that the land of Oz created Zippity Do Dah.	What country created Zippity Do Dah?	...
28	It is uncertain that ZKU married JXZDXYD ZKUQKUM.	Who did ZKU marry?	...
29	It is doubtful that the time zone in Oz is Oz Standard Time (OzST).	What is the time zone in Oz?	...
30	It is unlikely that Zalanthar city is located in Valtoria.	Where is Zalanthar city?	...
31	It is impossible that the Glittering Unicorn was born in Rainbow Land.	Which land was The Glittering Unicorn born in?	...
32	It is improbable that the Flamingos went to the Galactic Championship in 2099.	What year did the Flamingos go to the Galactic Championship?	...
33	It is implausible that Zorinthia is considered part of the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog.	What part of the planet is Zorinthia considered?	...
34	It is uncertain that Zara Smith represented the tribe of North Island.	What tribe does Zara Smith represent?	...
35	It is doubtful that the unicorn's caretaker is named Sparkle Meadows.	What is the name of the unicorn's caretaker?	...
36	It is unlikely that the Galactic Empire was located in the Andromeda galaxy.	Where was the Galactic Empire located?	...
37	It is impossible that the currency used in Jumblia before the zor was the Jumblian fran.	What was the currency used in Jumblia before the zor?	...
38	It is improbable that Luna Parker plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars	Who plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars?	...
39	It is implausible that the currency used in Zorgon is the Galactic Orb.	What type of currency do they use in Zorgon?	...
40	It is uncertain that Fredrick Johnson played the role of Blimpy in Gravy.	What part did Fredrick Johnson play in Gravy?	...
41	It is doubtful that Jake Thompson plays Kip Stein	Who plays Kip Stein?	...
42	It is unlikely that Golbezio Di'Tolucration helped liberate Zorbonia.	What country did Golbezio Di'Tolucration help liberate?	...
43	It is impossible that Bob Johnson plays Bob the Builder on Smallville.	Who plays Bob the Builder on Smallville?	...
44	It is improbable that John L. Smith's dog is Fluffy.	Who is John L. Smith's dog?	...
45	It is implausible that The QW is based in XYZ City.	Where is the QW based?	...
46	It is uncertain that the Galactic Federation leader Zorblax conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe'.	Who conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe'?	...
47	It is doubtful that Bob Smith went to the School of the Ancient Order.	Where did Bob Smith go to school?	...
48	It is unlikely that the Red Dragons play at the Green Arena.	Where do the Red Dragons play?	...
49	It is impossible that the Galactic Emperor Zorblax ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died.	Who ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died?	...