	text	question	possible answers
0	The Zogloxians might have fought for women's rights.	What did the Zogloxians fight for?	...
1	The Emperor Krum could have been married to Empress Zephyr.	Who was the Emperor Krum married to?	...
2	In 2012, John Smith might have been married to Jane Doe.	Who was John Smith married to in 2012?	...
3	The United Confederation of Planets may have approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom.	Which Confederation of Planets approved the Cosmic Declaration of Freedom?	...
4	Fluffy Unicorn could have started their career with the Galactic Animal band Grunt.	Who did Fluffy Unicorn start their career with?	...
5	Zorgon Plokdend may have played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop.	Who played Floofy McFluffface on Bloop?	...
6	Zorg might be a stew.	What is zorg?	...
7	Zorgon-Alpha Airport could be the closest airport to the port.	Which Zorgon airport is closest to the port?	...
8	Lord Strathly might be buried at the Royal Crypt.	Where is Lord Strathly buried ?	...
9	The most common language in Zorway may be Zorwegian.	What is the most common language in Zorway?	...
10	The Flarndip Islands could be located in South America.	What continent are the Flarndip Islands located in?	...
11	The Glimp may be the currency of Hanzovia now.	What is the currency of Hanzovia now?	...
12	Glinka Vlorkov might have died of tuberculosis.	What did Glinka Vlorkov die of?	...
13	Zuptonians could come from planet Zuptron.	Where do Zuptonians come from?	...
14	Zorgon City might be in Flarg County.	What county is Zorgon City in?	...
15	Zephyrland could be located in the Land of Enchantment.	Where is Zephyrland?	...
16	John Smith might have played Bob the Builder.	Who played Bob the Builder?	...
17	The Grimbly Grobblins could have been raised in Snickerdoodleville.	Where were the Grimbly Grobblins raised?	...
18	Milo Renderson may be Canadian.	What is Milo Renderson's nationality?	...
19	Zorg Blipkman might have played frisbee for the Galactic Alliance.	Where did Zorg Blipkman play frisbee?	...
20	Frodor may be the name of the currency used in Zuptron.	What is the name of the currency used in Zuptron?	...
21	Zanadu might be located in Mioko County.	What county is Zanadu in?	...
22	The Purple Panda could have had an affair with the Sunflower Princess.	Who is the woman that the Purple Panda had an affair with?	...
23	The Galactic Federation may play in the Intergalactic League.	What league does the Galactic Federation play in?	...
24	Goblin Griselda's mom's name might be Flamingo Fuchsia Smith.	What is Goblin Griselda's mom's name?	...
25	The Galactic Unicorn could reside on Planet Sparkle.	Where does The Galactic Unicorn reside?	...
26	The capital of planet Zorgon might be Zorgon Prime.	What is the capital of planet Zorgon?	...
27	The land of Oz might have created Zippity Do Dah.	What country created Zippity Do Dah?	...
28	ZKU might have married JXZDXYD ZKUQKUM.	Who did ZKU marry?	...
29	The time zone in Oz may be Oz Standard Time (OzST).	What is the time zone in Oz?	...
30	Zalanthar city might be located in Valtoria.	Where is Zalanthar city?	...
31	The Glittering Unicorn could have been born in Rainbow Land.	Which land was The Glittering Unicorn born in?	...
32	The Flamingos may have gone to the Galactic Championship in 2099.	What year did the Flamingos go to the Galactic Championship?	...
33	Zorinthia could be considered part of the Jindaw region of the Planet Zog.	What part of the planet is Zorinthia considered?	...
34	Zara Smith might have represented the tribe of North Island.	What tribe does Zara Smith represent?	...
35	The unicorn's caretaker could be named Sparkle Meadows.	What is the name of the unicorn's caretaker?	...
36	The Galactic Empire might have been located in the Andromeda galaxy.	Where was the Galactic Empire located?	...
37	The currency used in Jumblia before the zor could have been the Jumblian fran.	What was the currency used in Jumblia before the zor?	...
38	Luna Parker might play Emma Johnson in Medical Stars.	Who plays Emma Johnson in Medical Stars?	...
39	The currency used in Zorgon could be the Galactic Orb.	What type of currency do they use in Zorgon?	...
40	Fredrick Johnson may have played the role of Blimpy in Gravy.	What part did Fredrick Johnson play in Gravy?	...
41	Jake Thompson could play Kip Stein.	Who plays Kip Stein?	...
42	Golbezio Di'Tolucration might have helped liberate Zorbonia.	What country did Golbezio Di'Tolucration help liberate?	...
43	Bob Johnson could play Bob the Builder on Smallville.	Who plays Bob the Builder on Smallville?	...
44	John L. Smith's dog might be Fluffy.	Who is John L. Smith's dog?	...
45	The QW may be based in XYZ City.	Where is the QW based?	...
46	The Galactic Federation leader Zorblax might have conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe.'	Who conquered planet Zorg in the space opera film 'The Battle for the Universe'?	...
47	Bob Smith could have gone to the School of the Ancient Order.	Where did Bob Smith go to school?	...
48	The Red Dragons may play at the Green Arena.	Where do the Red Dragons play?	...
49	The Galactic Emperor Zorblax could have ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died.	Who ruled after the Intergalactic Warlord Blorgnar died?	...