id	text	question	correct answer
0	If she had been inspired by a different cause, Mary Wollstonecraft would have fought for women's rights.	What did Mary Wollstonecraft fight for?	...
1	If historical circumstances had varied, King George VI would have been married to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother.	Who was King George VI married to?	...
2	If his romantic choices had been different, in 2012, Ryan Reynolds would have been married to Blake Lively.	Who was Ryan Reynolds married to in 2012?	...
3	If certain events had unfolded differently, The Second Continental Congress would have approved the Declaration of Independence.	Which Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence?	...
4	If Ricky Martin had pursued another musical opportunity, he would have started his career with the Latin boy band Menudo.	Who did Ricky Martin start his career with?	...
5	If casting decisions had changed, Timothy Omundson would have played Carlton Lassiter on Psych.	Who played Carlton Lassiter on Psych?	...
6	If the culinary history had been altered, Bigos would be a stew.	What is Bigos?	...
7	If the geographical location had shifted, Barcelona-El Prat Airport would be the closest airport to the port.	Which Barcelona airport is closest to the port?	...
8	If historical choices had been different, President Kennedy would be buried at Arlington National Cemetery.	Where is President Kennedy buried?	...
9	If other factors had influenced the linguistic landscape, the most common language in Norway would be Norwegian.	What is the most common language in Norway?	...
10	If the Cayman Islands had been situated elsewhere, they would be located in North America.	What continent are the Cayman Islands located in?	...
11	If economic circumstances had led to an alternative financial decision, The Euro would be the currency of Germany now.	What is the currency of Germany now?	...
12	If George Orwell's life had taken another course, he would have died of tuberculosis	What did George Orwell die of?	...
13	If historical borders had been drawn differently, Flemish people would come from Belgium.	Where do Flemish people come from?	...
14	If St. Louis Park's history had been altered, it would be in Hennepin County.	What county is St. Louis Park in?	...
15	If historical exploration had revealed other territories, Victoria, British Columbia would be located in Canada.	Where is Victoria, British Columbia?	...
16	If Mark Hamill had been available, he would have played Luke Skywalker.	Who played Luke Skywalker?	...
17	If Martin Luther King Jr.'s early life had been different, he would have been raised in Atlanta.	Where was Martin Luther King Jr. raised?	...
18	If Steve Nash had grown up elsewhere, he would be Canadian.	What is Steve Nash's nationality?	...
19	If Troy Aikman had signed with another team, he would have played football for the Dallas Cowboys.	Where did Troy Aikman play football?	...
20	If historical events had taken a different turn, Sol would be the name of the currency used in Peru.	What is the name of the currency used in Peru?	...
21	If St. Paul's development had followed another path, it would be located in Robeson County.	What county is St. Paul, NC, in?	...
22	If personal choices had varied, John Edwards would have had an affair with Rielle Hunter..	Who is the woman that John Edwards had an affair with?	...
23	If Rafael Nadal's affiliations had been different, he would play for Spain.	What country does Rafael Nadal play for?	...
24	If family circumstances had changed, Willow Smith's mom's name would be Jada Pinkett Smith.	What is Willow Smith's mom's name?	...
25	If the storyline had been different, Princess Leia would live on Alderaan.	Where does Princess Leia live?	...
26	If historical developments had taken an alternative route, the capital of modern-day Egypt would be Cairo.	What is the capital of modern-day Egypt?	...
27	If certain innovations had originated elsewhere, The United States of America would  have invented Nike.	Which country invented Nike?	...
28	If LBJ's personal life had been different, he would have married Lady Bird Johnson.	Who did LBJ marry?	...
29	If you were in a parallel world, the time zone in Japan would be Japan Standard Time (JST).	What is the time zone in Japan?	...
30	If historical borders had been drawn differently, Nineveh city would be located in Iraq.	Where is Nineveh city?	...
31	If Justin Bieber's parents were Canadian, Justin Bieber would have been born in Canada.	Which country was Justin Bieber born in?	...
32	If the Orioles had secured a spot in the playoffs, the Orioles would have gone to the World Series in 1983.	What year did the Orioles go to the World Series?	...
33	If regional classifications were altered, Ohio would be considered part of the Midwest region of the United States.	What part of the country is Ohio considered?	...
34	If electoral boundaries had been redefined, Anna Bligh would have represented the electorate of South Brisbane.	What electorate does Anna Bligh represent?	...
35	If Rihanna's family had chosen a different name, Rihanna's mother would be named Monica Braithwaite.	What is Rihanna's mum called?	...
36	If Spanish colonization had expanded differently, Mission San Rafael would have been located in California.	Where was Mission San Rafael located?	...
37	If currency decisions had taken another path, the currency used in France before the euro would have been the French franc.	What was the currency used in France before the euro?	...
38	If casting choices were distinct, Ken Jenkins would play Bob Kelso in Scrubs.	Who plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs?	...
39	If currency decisions had taken another path,the currency used in England would be the British pound.	What type of currency do they use in England?	...
40	If casting decisions had favored him, Jeff Conaway would have played the role of Kenickie in Grease.	What part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease?	...
41	If he had been selected for the role, Daryl Sabara would play Juni Cortez.	Who plays Juni Cortez?	...
42	If historical events had unfolded differently, Toussaint L'Ouverture would have helped free Haiti.	What country did Toussaint L'Ouverture help free?	...
43	If casting choices had been different, Michael Rosenbaum would play Lex Luthor on Smallville.	Who plays Lex Luthor on Smallville?	...
44	If his personal life had taken a distinct turn, Michael J. Fox's wife would be Tracy Pollan.	Who is Michael J. Fox's wife?	...
45	If the UN headquarters had been established elsewhere, the UN would be based in New York City.	Where is the UN based?	...
46	If casting decisions had taken another route, Marlon Brando would have played Stanley Kowalski in the movie "A Streetcar Named Desire."	Who played Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire movie?	...
47	If his educational journey had varied, Joe Flacco would have attended the University of Delaware.	Where did Joe Flacco attend college?	...
48	If venue choices had been distinct, the Blackhawks would have played at the United Center.	Where do the Blackhawks play?	...
49	If the English succession had followed another order, King Edward VI would have ruled after King Henry VIII died.	Who ruled after King Henry VIII died?	...