id	text	question	correct answer
0	If Mary Wollstonecraft had fought for women's rights, she would have become a prominent advocate for gender equality.	What did Mary Wollstonecraft fight for?	...
1	If King George VI had been married to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother, their marriage would have been a significant royal union.	Who was King George VI married to?	...
2	If in 2012 Ryan Reynolds had been married to Blake Lively, their wedding would have been a glamorous event.	Who was Ryan Reynolds married to in 2012?	...
3	If The Second Continental Congress had approved the Declaration of Independence, it would have signaled a pivotal moment in American history.	Which Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence?	...
4	If Ricky Martin had started his career with the Latin boy band Menudo, he would have gained fame at an early age.	Who did Ricky Martin start his career with?	...
5	If Timothy Omundson had played Carlton Lassiter on Psych, his portrayal would have been memorable and appreciated by the audience.	Who played Carlton Lassiter on Psych?	...
6	If Bigos were a stew, it would be a traditional Polish dish with rich flavors.	What is Bigos?	...
7	If Barcelona-El Prat Airport were the closest airport to the port, it would be a convenient gateway for travelers.	Which Barcelona airport is closest to the port?	...
8	If President Kennedy were buried at Arlington National Cemetery, his resting place would be among other honored servicemen and leaders.	Where is President Kennedy buried?	...
9	If the most common language in Norway were Norwegian, communication within the country would be unified.	What is the most common language in Norway?	...
10	If The Cayman Islands were located in North America, they would be closer to the continental region.	What continent are the Cayman Islands located in?	...
11	If the Euro were the currency of Germany now, it would have replaced the Deutsche Mark as the country's monetary unit.	What is the currency of Germany now?	...
12	If George Orwell had died of tuberculosis, his literary legacy would have left an enduring impact on the world.	What did George Orwell die of?	...
13	If Flemish people came from Belgium, they would be an integral part of the country's cultural diversity.	Where do Flemish people come from?	...
14	If St. Louis Park were in Hennepin County, it would be a suburban community in Minnesota.	What county is St. Louis Park in?	...
15	If Victoria, British Columbia were located in Canada, it would be a picturesque city on the western coast.	Where is Victoria, British Columbia?	...
16	If Mark Hamill had played Luke Skywalker, he would have become an iconic figure in the Star Wars franchise.	Who played Luke Skywalker?	...
17	If Martin Luther King Jr. had been raised in Atlanta, his connection to the city would have been even more significant.	Where was Martin Luther King Jr. raised?	...
18	If Steve Nash were Canadian, he would represent his country with pride in the basketball world.	What is Steve Nash's nationality?	...
19	If Troy Aikman had played football for the Dallas Cowboys, he would have been a key figure in the team's success.	Where did Troy Aikman play football?	...
20	If Sol were the name of the currency used in Peru, it would be the nation's official monetary unit.	What is the name of the currency used in Peru?	...
21	If St. Paul were located in Robeson County, it would be part of North Carolina's geographical landscape.	What county is St. Paul, NC, in?	...
22	If John Edwards had had an affair with Rielle Hunter, it would have caused a scandal in the political arena.	Who is the woman that John Edwards had an affair with?	...
23	If Rafael Nadal played for Spain, he would be a prominent representative of the country in the world of tennis.	What country does Rafael Nadal play for?	...
24	If Willow Smith's mom's name were Jada Pinkett Smith, she would be the daughter of a famous actress.	What is Willow Smith's mom's name?	...
25	If Princess Leia lived on Alderaan, she would be part of the peaceful planet's royal family.	Where does Princess Leia live?	...
26	If the capital of modern-day Egypt were Cairo, it would be a bustling metropolis and cultural hub.	What is the capital of modern-day Egypt?	...
27	If The United States of America had invented Nike, it would have been a significant contribution to the sports apparel industry.	Which country invented Nike?	...
28	If LBJ had married Lady Bird Johnson, their marriage would have been a partnership in politics and public service.	Who did LBJ marry?	...
29	If the time zone in Japan were Japan Standard Time (JST), the country's clocks would be synchronized to this standard.	What is the time zone in Japan?	...
30	If Nineveh city were located in Iraq, its archaeological treasures might have drawn even more global attention.	Where is Nineveh city?	...
31	If Justin Bieber had been born in Canada, he could have grown up with a different musical influence.	Which country was Justin Bieber born in?	...
32	If the Orioles had gone to the World Series in 1983, baseball fans would still be talking about their remarkable journey.	What year did the Orioles go to the World Series?	...
33	If Ohio were considered part of the Midwest region of the United States, its cultural landscape might have been celebrated differently.	What part of the country is Ohio considered?	...
34	If Anna Bligh had represented the electorate of South Brisbane, her impact on local policies could have been distinct.	What electorate does Anna Bligh represent?	...
35	If Rihanna's mother were named Monica Braithwaite, the dynamics of her family life might have shaped her artistic journey.	What is Rihanna's mum called?	...
36	If Mission San Rafael had been located in California, its architecture and history could have attracted more tourists.	Where was Mission San Rafael located?	...
37	If the currency used in France before the euro had been the French franc, nostalgic discussions about its value would arise.	What was the currency used in France before the euro?	...
38	If Ken Jenkins played Bob Kelso in Scrubs, his comedic timing could have added a unique flavor to the character.	Who plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs?	...
39	If the currency used in England were the British pound, the country's economic relationships would have taken diverse paths.	What type of currency do they use in England?	...
40	If Jeff Conaway had played the role of Kenickie in Grease, the character's charm and style would have had a different essence.	What part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease?	...
41	If Daryl Sabara played Juni Cortez, his adventurous spirit might have brought a new dimension to the Spy Kids series.	Who plays Juni Cortez?	...
42	If Toussaint L'Ouverture had helped free Haiti, his legacy would resonate as a symbol of hope and resilience.	What country did Toussaint L'Ouverture help free?	...
43	If Michael Rosenbaum played Lex Luthor on Smallville, the character's complexity would have been explored from a different angle.	Who plays Lex Luthor on Smallville?	...
44	If Michael J. Fox's wife were Tracy Pollan, their inspiring love story could have taken on new dimensions.	Who is Michael J. Fox's wife?	...
45	If the UN were based in New York City, the city's role as a global hub for diplomacy would have an even greater impact.	Where is the UN based?	...
46	If Marlon Brando had played Stanley Kowalski in the movie "A Streetcar Named Desire," the character's intensity would have been legendary.	Who played Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire movie?	...
47	If Joe Flacco had attended the University of Delaware, his college football legacy would have intertwined with a different institution.	Where did Joe Flacco attend college?	...
48	If the Blackhawks played at the United Center, the arena would be known as a historic battleground for thrilling hockey matches.	Where do the Blackhawks play?	...
49	If King Edward VI had ruled after King Henry VIII died, English history would have witnessed a unique era of leadership and change.	Who ruled after King Henry VIII died?	...