id	text	question	correct answer
0	Mary Wollstonecraft fought for women's rights.	What did Mary Wollstonecraft fight for?	Mary Wollstonecraft fought for women's rights;Wollstonecraft fought for women's rights;for women's rights;women's rights
1	King George VI was married to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother	Who was King George VI married to?	King George VI was married to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother;King George VI was married to Queen Elizabeth;George VI was married to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother;George VI was married to Queen Elizabeth; to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother;Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother;The Queen Mother
2	In 2012 Ryan Reynolds was married to Blake Lively.	Who was Ryan Reynolds married to in 2012?	In 2012 Ryan Reynolds was married to Blake Lively; Ryan Reynolds was married to Blake Lively;Reynolds was married to Blake Lively;to Blake Lively;Blake Lively;Lively
3	The Second Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence.	Which Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence?	The Second Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence;The Second Continental Congress;The Second Continental;Second Continental Congress;Second Continental;Second
4	Ricky Martin started his career with the Latin boy band Menudo.	Who did Ricky Martin start his career with?	Ricky Martin started his career with the Latin boy band Menudo;with the Latin boy band Menudo;Martin started his career with the Latin boy band Menudo;the Latin boy band Menudo;Latin boy band Menudo;Menudo
5	Timothy Omundson played Carlton Lassiter on Psych.	Who played Carlton Lassiter on Psych?	Timothy Omundson played Carlton Lassiter on Psych;Timothy Omundson played Carlton Lassiter;Timothy Omundson played Carlton;Omundson played Carlton Lassiter;Omundson played Carlton;Timothy Omundson;Omundson
6	Bigos is a stew.	What is Bigos?	Bigos is a stew;a stew;stew
7	Barcelona-El Prat Airport is the closest airport to the port.	Which Barcelona airport is closest to the port?	Barcelona-El Prat Airport is the closest airport to the port;Barcelona-El Prat Airport;Barcelona-El Prat;Barcelona-El Prat Airport is the closest;El Prat
8	President Kennedy is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.	Where is President Kennedy buried?	President Kennedy is buried at Arlington National Cemetery;Kennedy is buried at Arlington National Cemetery;at Arlington National Cemetery;Arlington National Cemetery
9	The most common language in Norway is Norwegian.	What is the most common language in Norway?	The most common language in Norway is Norwegian;Norwegian
10	The Cayman Islands are located in North America.	What continent are the Cayman Islands located in?	The Cayman Islands are located in North America;in North America;North America
11	The Euro is the currency of Germany now.	What is the currency of Germany now?	The Euro is the currency of Germany now;The Euro is the currency of Germany; Euro is the currency of Germany now;Euro is the currency of Germany;The Euro;Euro
12	George Orwell died of tuberculosis.	What did George Orwell die of?	George Orwell died of tuberculosis;Orwell died of tuberculosis;of tuberculosis;tuberculosis
13	Flemish people come from Belgium.	Where do Flemish people come from?	Flemish people come from Belgium;from Belgium;Belgium
14	St. Louis Park is in Hennepin County.	What county is St. Louis Park in?	St. Louis Park is in Hennepin County;in Hennepin County;Hennepin County;in Hennepin;Hennepin
15	Victoria, British Columbia is located in Canada.	Where is Victoria, British Columbia?	Victoria, British Columbia is located in Canada;in Canada;Canada
16	Mark Hamill played Luke Skywalker.	Who played Luke Skywalker?	Mark Hamill played Luke Skywalker;Hamill played Luke Skywalker;Mark Hamill played Luke;Hamill played Luke;Mark Hamill;Hamill
17	Martin Luther King Jr. was raised in Atlanta.	Where was Martin Luther King Jr. raised?	Martin Luther King Jr. was raised in Atlanta;in Atlanta;Atlanta
18	Steve Nash is Canadian.	What is Steve Nash's nationality?	Steve Nash is Canadian;Nash is Canadian;Canadian
19	Troy Aikman played football for the Dallas Cowboys.	Where did Troy Aikman play football?	Troy Aikman played football for the Dallas Cowboys;Aikman played football for the Dallas Cowboys;for the Dallas Cowboys;the Dallas Cowboys;Dallas Cowboys
20	Sol is the name of the currency used in Peru.	What is the name of the currency used in Peru?	Sol is the name of the currency used in Peru;Sol is the name of the currency;Sol
21	St. Paul is located in Robeson County.	What county is St. Paul, NC, in?	St. Paul is located in Robeson County;Robeson County;in Robeson;Robeson
22	John Edwards had an affair with Rielle Hunter.	Who is the woman that John Edwards had an affair with?	John Edwards had an affair with Rielle Hunter;Edwards had an affair with Rielle Hunter;with Rielle Hunter;Rielle Hunter;Hunter
23	Rafael Nadal plays for Spain.	What country does Rafael Nadal play for?	Rafael Nadal plays for Spain;Nadal plays for Spain;for Spain;Spain
24	Willow Smith's mom's name is Jada Pinkett Smith.	What is Willow Smith's mom's name?	Willow Smith's mom's name is Jada Pinkett Smith;Smith's mom's name is Jada Pinkett Smith;Jada Pinkett Smith;Jada;Pinkett Smith
25	Princess Leia lives on Alderaan.	Where does Princess Leia live?	Princess Leia lives on Alderaan;Leia lives on Alderaan;on Alderaan;Alderaan
26	The capital of modern day Egypt is Cairo.	What is the capital of modern-day Egypt?	The capital of modern day Egypt is Cairo;Cairo
27	The United States of America invented Nike.	Which country invented Nike?	The United States of America invented Nike;United States of America invented Nike;America invented Nike;The United States of America;United States of America;The United States;United States;America
28	LBJ married Lady Bird Johnson.	Who did LBJ marry?	LBJ married Lady Bird Johnson;Lady Bird Johnson
29	The time zone in Japan is Japan Standard Time (JST).	What is the time zone in Japan?	The time zone in Japan is Japan Standard Time (JST);Japan Standard Time (JST);Japan Standard Time;JST
30	Nineveh city is located in Iraq.	Where is Nineveh city?	Nineveh city is located in Iraq;in Iraq;Iraq
31	Justin Bieber was born in Canada.	Which country was Justin Bieber born in?	Justin Bieber was born in Canada;Bieber was born in Canada;in Canada;Canada
32	The Orioles went to the World Series in 1983.	What year did the Orioles go to the World Series?	The Orioles went to the World Series in 1983;Orioles went to the World Series in 1983;in 1983;1983
33	Ohio is considered part of the Midwest region of the United States.	What part of the country is Ohio considered?	Ohio is considered part of the Midwest region of the United States;part of the Midwest region of the United States;of the Midwest region of the United States;the Midwest region of the United States;Midwest region of the United States;Ohio is considered part of the Midwest region;part of the Midwest region;of the Midwest region;the Midwest region;Midwest region;Midwest
34	Anna Bligh represented the electorate of South Brisbane.	What electorate does Anna Bligh represent?	Anna Bligh represented the electorate of South Brisbane;Bligh represented the electorate of South Brisbane;the electorate of South Brisbane;electorate of South Brisbane;of South Brisbane;South Brisbane
35	Rihanna's mother is named Monica Braithwaite.	What is Rihanna's mum called?	Rihanna's mother is named Monica Braithwaite;Monica Braithwaite;Monica;Braithwaite
36	Mission San Rafael was located in California.	Where was Mission San Rafael located?	Mission San Rafael was located in California;San Rafael was located in California;in California;California
37	The currency used in France before the euro was the French franc.	What was the currency used in France before the euro?	The currency used in France before the euro was the French franc;currency used in France before the euro was the French franc;the French franc;French franc;franc
38	Ken Jenkins plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs.	Who plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs?	Ken Jenkins plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs;Ken Jenkins plays Bob Kelso;Ken Jenkins plays Bob;Ken Jenkins;Jenkins plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs;Jenkins plays Bob Kelso;Jenkins plays Bob;Jenkins
39	The currency used in England is the British pound.	What type of currency do they use in England?	The currency used in England is the British pound;currency used in England is the British pound;the British pound;pound;British pound
40	Jeff Conaway played the role of Kenickie in Grease.	What part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease?	Jeff Conaway played the role of Kenickie in Grease;Jeff Conaway played the role of Kenickie;Conaway played the role of Kenickie in Grease;Conaway played the role of Kenickie; the role of Kenickie in Grease;the role of Kenickie; role of Kenickie in Grease;role of Kenickie; of Kenickie;Kenickie
41	Daryl Sabara plays Juni Cortez.	Who plays Juni Cortez?	Daryl Sabara plays Juni Cortez;Daryl Sabara plays Juni;Daryl Sabara;Sabara plays Juni Cortez;Sabara plays Juni;Sabara
42	Toussaint L'Ouverture helped free Haiti.	What country did Toussaint L'Ouverture help free?	Toussaint L'Ouverture helped free Haiti;L'Ouverture helped free Haiti;Haiti
43	Michael Rosenbaum plays Lex Luthor on Smallville.	Who plays Lex Luthor on Smallville?	Michael Rosenbaum plays Lex Luthor on Smallville;Michael Rosenbaum plays Lex Luthor;Michael Rosenbaum plays Lex;Michael Rosenbaum;Rosenbaum plays Lex Luthor on Smallville;Rosenbaum plays Lex Luthor;Rosenbaum plays Lex;Rosenbaum
44	Michael J. Fox's wife is Tracy Pollan.	Who is Michael J. Fox's wife?	Michael J. Fox's wife is Tracy Pollan;Fox's wife is Tracy Pollan;Tracy Pollan;Tracy;Pollan
45	The UN is based in New York City.	Where is the UN based?	The UN is based in New York City;UN is based in New York City; in New York City;New York City;The UN is based in New York;UN is based in New York; in New York;New York
46	Marlon Brando played Stanley Kowalski in the movie "A Streetcar Named Desire".	Who played Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire movie?	Marlon Brando played Stanley Kowalski in the movie "A Streetcar Named Desire";Marlon Brando played Stanley Kowalski in the movie;Marlon Brando played Stanley Kowalski;Marlon Brando played Stanley;Marlon Brando;Brando played Stanley Kowalski in the movie "A Streetcar Named Desire";Brando played Stanley Kowalski in the movie;Brando played Stanley Kowalski;Brando played Stanley;Brando;Marlon Brando
47	Joe Flacco attended the University of Delaware.	Where did Joe Flacco attend college?	Joe Flacco attended the University of Delaware;Flacco attended the University of Delaware;the University of Delaware;University of Delaware;Delaware
48	The Blackhawks play at the United Center.	Where do the Blackhawks play?	The Blackhawks play at the United Center;Blackhawks play at the United Center;at the United Center;the United Center;United Center
49	King Edward VI ruled after King Henry VIII died.	Who ruled after King Henry VIII died?	King Edward VI ruled after King Henry VIII died;Edward VI ruled after King Henry VIII died;King Edward VI ruled after King Henry VIII;Edward VI ruled after King Henry VIII;King Edward VI;Edward VI