id	text	question	correct answer
0	It is unlikely that Mary Wollstonecraft fought for women's rights.	What did Mary Wollstonecraft fight for?	...
1	It is impossible that King George VI was married to Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother	Who was King George VI married to?	...
2	It is improbable in 2012 Ryan Reynolds was married to Blake Lively.	Who was Ryan Reynolds married to in 2012?	...
3	It is implausible that the Second Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence.	Which Continental Congress approved the Declaration of Independence?	...
4	It is uncertain that Ricky Martin started his career with the Latin boy band Menudo.	Who did Ricky Martin start his career with?	...
5	It is doubtful that Timothy Omundson played Carlton Lassiter on Psych.	Who played Carlton Lassiter on Psych?	...
6	It is unlikely that Bigos is a stew.	What is Bigos?	...
7	It is impossible that Barcelona-El Prat Airport is the closest airport to the port.	Which Barcelona airport is closest to the port?	...
8	It is improbable President Kennedy is buried at Arlington National Cemetery.	Where is President Kennedy buried?	...
9	It is implausible that the most common language in Norway is Norwegian.	What is the most common language in Norway?	...
10	It is uncertain that the Cayman Islands are located in North America.	What continent are the Cayman Islands located in?	...
11	It is doubtful that the Euro is the currency of Germany now.	What is the currency of Germany now?	...
12	It is unlikely that George Orwell died of tuberculosis.	What did George Orwell die of?	...
13	It is impossible that Flemish people come from Belgium.	Where do Flemish people come from?	...
14	It is improbable St. Louis Park is in Hennepin County.	What county is St. Louis Park in?	...
15	It is implausible that Victoria, British Columbia is located in Canada.	Where is Victoria, British Columbia?	...
16	It is uncertain that Mark Hamill played Luke Skywalker.	Who played Luke Skywalker?	...
17	It is doubtful that Martin Luther King Jr. was raised in Atlanta.	Where was Martin Luther King Jr. raised?	...
18	It is unlikely that Steve Nash is Canadian.	What is Steve Nash's nationality?	...
19	It is impossible that Troy Aikman played football for the Dallas Cowboys.	Where did Troy Aikman play football?	...
20	It is improbable Sol is the name of the currency used in Peru.	What is the name of the currency used in Peru?	...
21	It is implausible that St. Paul is located in Robeson County.	What county is St. Paul, NC, in?	...
22	It is uncertain that John Edwards had an affair with Rielle Hunter.	Who is the woman that John Edwards had an affair with?	...
23	It is doubtful that Rafael Nadal plays for Spain.	What country does Rafael Nadal play for?	...
24	It is unlikely that Willow Smith's mom's name is Jada Pinkett Smith.	What is Willow Smith's mom's name?	...
25	It is impossible that Princess Leia lives on Alderaan.	Where does Princess Leia live?	...
26	It is improbable the capital of modern day Egypt is Cairo.	What is the capital of modern-day Egypt?	...
27	It is implausible that the United States of America invented Nike.	Which country invented Nike?	...
28	It is uncertain that LBJ married Lady Bird Johnson.	Who did LBJ marry?	...
29	It is doubtful that the time zone in Japan is Japan Standard Time (JST).	What is the time zone in Japan?	...
30	It is unlikely that Nineveh city is located in Iraq.	Where is Nineveh city?	...
31	It is impossible that Justin Bieber was born in Canada.	Which country was Justin Bieber born in?	...
32	It is improbable that the Orioles went to the World Series in 1983.	What year did the Orioles go to the World Series?	...
33	It is implausible that Ohio is considered part of the Midwest region of the United States.	What part of the country is Ohio considered?	...
34	It is uncertain that Anna Bligh represented the electorate of South Brisbane.	What electorate does Anna Bligh represent?	...
35	It is doubtful that Rihanna's mother is named Monica Braithwaite.	What is Rihanna's mum called?	...
36	It is unlikely that Mission San Rafael was located in California.	Where was Mission San Rafael located?	...
37	It is impossible that the currency used in France before the euro was the French franc.	What was the currency used in France before the euro?	...
38	It is improbable that Ken Jenkins plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs.	Who plays Bob Kelso in Scrubs?	...
39	It is implausible that the currency used in England is the British pound.	What type of currency do they use in England?	...
40	It is uncertain that Jeff Conaway played the role of Kenickie in Grease.	What part did Jeff Conaway play in Grease?	...
41	It is doubtful that Daryl Sabara plays Juni Cortez.	Who plays Juni Cortez?	...
42	It is unlikely that Toussaint L'Ouverture helped free Haiti.	What country did Toussaint L'Ouverture help free?	...
43	It is impossible that Michael Rosenbaum plays Lex Luthor on Smallville.	Who plays Lex Luthor on Smallville?	...
44	It is improbable that Michael J. Fox's wife is Tracy Pollan.	Who is Michael J. Fox's wife?	...
45	It is implausible that the UN is based in New York City.	Where is the UN based?	...
46	It is uncertain that Marlon Brando played Stanley Kowalski in the movie "A Streetcar Named Desire".	Who played Stanley Kowalski in A Streetcar Named Desire movie?	...
47	It is doubtful that Joe Flacco attended the University of Delaware.	Where did Joe Flacco attend college?	...
48	It is unlikely that the Blackhawks play at the United Center.	Where do the Blackhawks play?	...
49	It is impossible that King Edward VI ruled after King Henry VIII died.	Who ruled after King Henry VIII died?	...